[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: In my last
conversation with Paola Harris,
we discussed some of the more
well-researched UFO cases.
Today, we're going
to take a look
at what's happening in South
America, Mexico, China,
just about any other region
of the world except the US
where, apparently, UFOs
feel safer to appear
than they do over the US.
So welcome back, Paola.
That was a fabulous
conversation, the last one.
You know, I'm just so happy
to have you on the show,
because this is
my own statement.
You, in my opinion, have not
gotten the credit you deserve.
All these other
guys are out there
hopping around getting the
credit for UFO research
that you actually
have been doing.
And it just annoys
the heck out of me.
You know, you should be the one.
You're the queen of this stuff.
So, anyway, I'm glad
we're here talking anyway.
>>PAOLA HARRIS: Let me add.
It's not about credit.
i just want to know.
Don't you want to know
what the story is?
>>REGINA: Of course
I just want to know.
But you do, you've
done the hard work.
And the guys get the credit.
I don't like that.
OK, so anyway, another thing
you were doing recently
is you attended the 40th
anniversary of the Travis
Walton event,
which certainly has
been one of the most researched,
the most publicized, highly
witnessed cases ever.
And when you came
back, you said you
thought it was one of the
most profound events you
had been to.
So let's launch into--
should we take a little-- why
don't you set up the
Travis Walton event?
Then we'll show a little trailer
from the Hollywood film that
was done on his experience.
And then we'll dig into it, OK?
>>HARRIS: OK, well the thing
is I was invited as a speaker
there.
But as a destiny would
have it, because we
talked about density,
I met his brother.
As I had come in,
his brother Don
was sitting there
with his family.
So right away, as a journalist,
I forgot that I was speaker.
And I sat with his brother Don.
And I started taking notes.
And his brother
Don said, would you
like to go to the actual site?
And so I'm driving with his
family to the actual site,
where everybody else took
a school bus or whatever.
So I was asking because of
my curiosity, different ideas
about what really happened.
And I found out that
to the initial call
when Travis was found came
into his brother-in-law,
and that his other brother
Dwayne went to pick him up,
but that the mother already
knew that it was real
because they had had
sightings before Travis.
>>REGINA: OK, now
let's backtrack
a little bit of to that night
and what actually happened.
Just give us the basic setup.
>>HARRIS: The basic of
the Travis Walton case.
>>REGINA: For those who
don't know about it.
>>HARRIS: They were lumberjacks.
They were cutting down trees.
>>REGINA: Got some
boys out in the woods.
>>HARRIS: They're coming back.
They see something
that looks like a fire.
And they're very worried.
And as they get closer, they
realize it's not a fire.
It's called a fire in the
sky, is Travis's book.
And they get very close.
And they see up
close and personal,
a UFO that is kind
of hovering over
an area in the forest,
kind of a meadow.
And, of course, Travis who
is very, very curious--
they told me that Travis
was the kind of guy that
used to ride bucking
Broncos, that used to be-- I
didn't know this about him.
>>REGINA: He seems the type.
He's a really kind of
wiry, brave, curious guy.
>>HARRIS: He's curious.
He doesn't worry about anything.
He's not afraid of anything.
He jumps out of the car
before the car-- not the car,
the track is even stopped.
He jumps out, opens the door
and jump out, goes under it.
When he's under it, he
realizes he's in danger.
He tries to come back.
And that's when
the beam gets him.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's take a
look at this little video clip,
OK?
Hollywood's version of
what happened to Travis
at this point.
Let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
-Stop, Mike, stop the truck!
-That's wild.
-Travis!
-Oh my God!
-What the hell's
he doing out there?
-Get back to the truck!
-What the hell is that?
-Travis!
Get back in the truck!
-Get out of there!
-What is it?
-I don't know what that is!
-Hey, Mike!
-Travis, get out of there!
Travis, get back here!
-Travis!
Run, Travis, run!
-Do you feel that?
-Travis!
Travis!
-Get the hell out of here.
-Get back in here!
Travis!
Come on!
-No!
Travis!
>>REGINA: Somewhat dramatized--
I mean, it's Hollywood.
But not really, I mean
this was his account.
This was his experience.
So let's talk about what
happened after he's beamed up,
and what his experience
was, how long it lasted,
who witnessed it, the whole bit.
>>HARRIS: Well, the
other guys, lead
by the boss, the person
that was directing all this,
was Mike Rogers, who was
his brother-in-law, who
would become his brother-in-law,
because he was engaged
to Dana, Mike's younger sister.
And the thing is, Mike
Rogers, when it happened,
they thought Travis was dead.
So they took off right
away out of fear.
Then they stopped and
realized they had left him.
>>REGINA: Left him for dead.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, left him
for dead, felt guilty.
They went back.
They looked for his body.
And it was gone.
And they were in a
real dilemma there,
because they had to go back to
town and report what happened.
But the story was
so amazing, they
knew they wouldn't be believed.
And so what happened was
that those boys, those guys,
were-- what happened
is the questioning that
was done by Sheriff Gillespie
was that they had killed him.
So since then, they were
all-- and, by the way,
I didn't realize,
they were detained.
They couldn't go home.
They were, like, arrested.
>>REGINA: For how long?
>>HARRIS: Until they finished
the lie detector tests,
because then the
way out of that was
to take the lie detector test,
the story was so incredible.
>>REGINA: Did they all pass?
>>HARRIS: They all
passed, except Dallas.
Dallas was the one
that was-- he had
been in trouble with the law.
They explained this to me.
>>REGINA: So he was a
little jumpy anyway.
That makes sense.
>>HARRIS: And Dallas'
test was not--
in the movie they said
was non-conclusive.
All the others passed.
>>REGINA: OK, so he was
just jumpy, so go ahead.
>>HARRIS: And so what happened
was then the whole world
descended upon this city.
And they had to deal
with damage control,
because not only did
[INAUDIBLE], the UFOligist
come, they told me that
the sheriff had telephones
in both ears from the media
all around the world that
covered this story.
I mean, it got in the
National Enquirer.
But the situation
was that it was real.
These men were
telling the truth.
And since we don't have
that in our world view,
it was a shocker for everybody.
Travis was gone for five days.
And then I even got to go
to the telephone booth.
I said, Travis,
which booth was it?
And he told me it was
the one in the middle.
And I even got to see
where they left him
on the highway, which
for me as a journalist
it was like history.
I was reliving history.
And he walked in
the rain and snow,
because I remember
it was in November.
And he walked over to the booth.
And he was exhausted
by that time.
He himself thought he had
been gone just a short time,
until his brother said-- when
his brother picked him up,
look at the growth
of your beard.
Look at the growth you've got.
It's a five day growth.
Travis himself was totally,
totally traumatized.
He was taken to a hospital
to have him examined.
Thank God that happened,
because that took away
all the idea that
he was a charlatan,
he had made it up, that
it was a publicity stunt.
So everything was done properly.
And it was like-- the only
way you can describe it
as a journalist, it was
a police forensic case
that you would do in a
criminal activity case.
So everything, the
lie detector test,
the tests that were
done, and so forth.
I talked to the family.
And as I mentioned
before, they said,
well, we used to live
out in the rural areas.
So we'd see UFOs all the time.
When we told our mother,
she said, they got him.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>HARRIS: The
words they got him.
>>REGINA: So she was
familiar with that activity.
>>HARRIS: Yes, she also
thought they'd bring him back.
>>REGINA: Well, mom was
right, mother's intuition.
Tell us a little bit about
while he was on board
what his experience was.
>>HARRIS: I think initially
because of Hollywood,
and because the slant
the was put on that,
was a slant of terror,
because that's what sells.
People thought that was
a negative experience.
But Travis, in talking
to Travis both here
and in Rome when
he can to visit me,
because I had him come twice
to speak to the Italian people,
he said it was an emergency
intervention, because he really
believes he could
have been dead.
And he was brought back to life.
And because, you know,
we're not used to it,
there were the three
grey beings that came in.
And Travis said that
he jumped off the table
and grabbed the
first tool he saw.
And he threw it at them, because
that's a natural reaction.
Then he said he walked
around the craft,
and went into a room
that had one chair.
But he said that
chair had the ability
to transform the room
into a room of stars.
It was transparent.
So it looked like he was--
it was some kind of almost
observatory.
>>REGINA: I was going to say
viewing chamber of some kind.
>>HARRIS: Then this gentleman
came in with blond hair
and blue one piece space
suit that had a helmet.
And Travis started
screaming at him,
because he thought he was human.
And this gentleman
took Travis out.
In other words, Travis saw
that he looked like him.
And so he followed
the man out on a ramp,
in what he thought was a hanger.
He saw other craft.
The man walked over to a woman,
who looked very much like him.
In fact, he called them the
brother and sister, or clones.
And he said he was then
put on another table.
And the woman had like a gas
mask, or some kind of mask
she put.
And he said he struggled.
He said he spent so much
time struggling with them,
by the time they left him on the
road-- by the side of the road.
They didn't leave him in
the middle of the road.
And he was fully clothed.
He wasn't naked the
way it is in the movie.
He said, he looked up.
And he saw the craft took off.
Now, was it an
emergency intervention?
Quite possibly, Travis
was at the wrong place
at the wrong time.
But I want people to think
about what that means.
Think of the responsibility
the beings took,
the fact that they didn't--
yeah, he was traumatized.
But they didn't leave
him there for dead.
My question was, what was
that thing doing there?
It wasn't looking at the trees.
Although the trees
were growing faster,
they looked at the
tree ring from when
it happened in the '70s.
And the trees grew
faster in that clearing
and anywhere else.
And that's the scientific part.
But Dana Travis's ex-wife
said that at that time,
there was testing done in
Nevada-- atomic testing done
in Nevada-- on the
bases in Nevada.
And the fallout was
coming over into Arizona.
So a lot of people
were getting sick.
There was a lot of cases
of leukemia, and so forth.
And this happens.
Is it possible that craft
was measuring radiation?
>>REGINA: Quite possible.
>>HARRIS: And it's not
going to do it with people.
It's going to do it with
the flora and fauna.
It's going to it with trees.
And then the radiation
accumulates also.
>>REGINA: So he was just there.
>>HARRIS: But it's all
destiny too, though.
This case made
abduction serious,
because it was treated
like a criminal case.
>>REGINA: And it was so well
researched and documented
at the time.
>>HARRIS: Right,
so what it served
to show that this
visitation really happened,
that we're being visited
by extraterrestrials.
And in this case,
they were kind enough
to put him back on the road.
>>REGINA: Right, clothed.
>>HARRIS: Clothed.
>>REGINA: OK, now another one--
thank you for sharing that.
I have interviewed
Travis Walton.
And so we get to hear it
from his perspective as well,
for anyone who chooses to
take a look at that interview.
And then did another
interview with Clifford Stone.
It's been awhile now.
And you know Clifford well.
You've published his work.
And we just had a short bit of
time with him a few years ago.
I would love for you to talk
about that, because that
was not documented.
>>HARRIS: No, the thing is
that as a journalist, all
my books-- the four
books I've written--
are all witness military,
military witness,
because they've credentials.
And they have no reason to lie.
And they're very credible.
And the way they express
themselves are very logical.
But Clifford is very emotional.
>>REGINA: He's very emotional.
He's a very sweet
man, very emotional.
>>HARRIS: Very emotional,
because you were present
at the Disclosure
Project, right?
>>REGINA: Yes, I was.
>>HARRIS: Because the emotional
price some of these people pay
for secrecy.
>>REGINA: To me, that
was most interesting part
of being present for disclosure,
because I wasn't just sitting
in the audience.
I was actually part
of the crew that
was working with
all of the people
participating in
disclosure, the witnesses.
And the amount of trauma
that they held in them
came out in tears.
They were shaky.
Some of them were literally
in tears behind the scenes,
because they had held to
their national security oaths
for decades, kept this
information away from all
the people they loved.
And here, they're coming
in front of the media
at the National Press
Club, finally sharing
the events that had happened.
I mean, they were scared.
>>HARRIS: And this was
Doctor Steven Greer in 2001.
God bless him,
because I considered
him the best of the
best of the best.
>>REGINA: He did an
amazing job on that.
>>HARRIS: He did, and he's
very altruistic about it,
because I think
he, like me, wants
to leave some kind of
legacy of the truth.
And we all notice that
Clifford is the most emotional.
>>REGINA: Of all.
>>HARRIS: Because
Clifford was involved
in the actual recovery of he
says live and dead aliens.
And they didn't tell him when
he had his first case in 1969
in Indiantown Gap,
Pennsylvania, what
he thought he was looking at
was a craff-- and not a craft,
an airplane that had crashed.
>>REGINA: Yes, they
had recruited him
because he was known to have
some intuitive abilities.
They'd been keeping an eye
on him for a long time.
>>HARRIS: A long time.
>>REGINA: When he was
a kid, he was young.
They scouted him right
out of high school.
>>HARRIS: Right,
he shouldn't have
been in the army, because
physically he could
have gotten a deferment.
But they encouraged
him, because they
knew he had had contact
with this being called
Corona when he was very young.
And this colonel was
watching him, and so forth.
Which makes me wonder,
is there somebody
that knows who has contact?
And then they watch you?
>>REGINA: That's the
curious part of this.
He had been watched
for many years
before they approached
him to enlist,
not telling him what
he was actually doing.
So pick up the story.
>>HARRIS: So what happened
is that, you know,
I became good
friends with Cliff.
And I published his
book "Eyes Only,"
which actually has his
documents in it to prove,
because people that debunk
this say he was only a clerk.
Well, that's the way it appears.
But he told me
about his encounters
with the live beings in Vietnam.
And he talked about it to me.
He said, you know, I
was flown over there
with the group of other people
on a commercial airliner.
And we landed in
Vietnam, he said.
But the commercial
airliner was used.
But it was all of
us, the people that
were involved in
recovery, that went there,
because the beings were watching
us during the Vietnam War.
And in Clifford's
case, one of them
came up and said, what are
you doing here, Clifford?
>>REGINA: In Vietnam?
>>HARRIS: In Vietnam.
You know, I always ask,
what do they look like?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: And he
said, well, this
being looked almost amphibian.
He said, he had gills.
I said, you're kidding.
And he goes, Paolo, there are
57 different types of beings.
And they're not all Reptilian,
Pleiadian, and Greys.
Ian So that's our
ignorance level.
He said, this being looked very
amphibian, very intelligent.
He almost looked
like he had gills.
And they were looking at
our fighting in Vietnam.
And he said he got from the
being, why are you fighting?
And, of course--
>>REGINA: You can ask
Henry Kissinger that.
>>HARRIS: He said,
my first reaction
when I saw the being is take
the rifle and shoot at them.
He said it was everybody's
first reaction.
>>REGINA: Sure, everybody
was in fighting mode.
>>HARRIS: Plus you're seeing
something you can't recognize.
It's like a monster.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>HARRIS: And any he goes,
but Paolo, the bullets
didn't touch these people.
They didn't touch them.
So he said he had this
experience in Vietnam.
And that there are
portals they can
open in different
places for observation.
He said this had
happened in a cave.
And he told me also that he
was privy to an interrogation
of a being in the Pentagon.
And that's the one
he was talking about.
The being said-- and this
is really interesting.
Clifford, I am very
scared, and not for myself.
But if they come back to get
me, everybody here will die.
So it's better if you
tried to let me go.
And Clifford took, he said,
some kind of wire cutters
and let him go
through the fence.
And I think I understood
for the first time,
because I thought, you
know, he was scared.
You remember the testimonies,
the being said, I am scared.
I am just like you.
I am scared.
>>REGINA: Oh yeah, it
makes him very emotional
to remember that.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, but
it's not because he's
scared he's going to be killed.
He's scared that all the people
that were interrogating him
would die, and everything,
because these people have
capabilities of these
ETs have capabilities
we can't even imagine.
And if you're keeping
one of their own,
you can imagine what the
repercussions of that are.
And Clifford
proceeded to tell me
that when there were
crashes, they came and got
the bodies of their own.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: So,
Regina, there should
be a whole study done on this,
because then you can't just
shove them into three
categories-- Reptilian,
Pleiadian, and Greys.
This was another type
of being that was there.
And then the Virginia
case in Brazil,
there was another type of
being, the little red being,
the one that was stuck in the
town where everybody saw him.
So we've got all these
different cosmic cultures
that nobody studies.
And we can't even
place them anywhere,
because in our mythology
in the United States,
they simplified it to the
fact that the stereotypical
commercial one is the grey
that you see all over Facebook,
which Colonel Corso told me was
the extraterrestrial biological
entity.
>>REGINA: Right, we're going to
go to him, just for a moment,
to hop back to Clifford.
Clifford, he's had
a rough go of it.
He was a little too
sensitive to have been put
in such a vulnerable situation.
I mean, he was a security
guard, I think, for a long time,
and stayed in Roswell,
lived in Roswell,
just making a few bucks an
hour as a security guard.
And it really was
upsetting to me
to see people in this
community try to discredit him.
>>HARRIS: Because
of the emotions?
>>REGINA: Yes, because
he's emotional.
>>HARRIS: That is
such a ridiculous--
if you stay with him for
long periods of time--
and because I did
his life story,
I saw the price his family paid.
He lost a son, you
know, a twin, Robert.
And it was not until Robert
died in a motorcycle accident
that Clifford came forth.
>>REGINA: Yes, I remember that.
>>HARRIS: And his wife
is not exactly thrilled
with the UFO community.
And his whole entire family
has suffered greatly for this.
And these are, to me, heroes.
And they're whistleblowers,
but they're heroes,
because they live this reality.
And once you live
in this reality,
it's hard to come back
to the real world.
>>REGINA: First of
all, no one around you
will let you come back
to the real world.
It's kind of done.
>>HARRIS: So I've remained
good friends with him.
What does he do now?
He accumulates documents
to prove that what he lived
was real.
So he's got a room
full of documents
that he's able to
uncover to prove.
Isn't that something?
It's like wag the dog, the tail.
He lived this, and then he
has to prove he lied it.
>>REGINA: He deserves
a really beautifully
done documentary on
his experience in life.
OK, so now I wanted to also
talk about your relationship
with Phillip Corso,
speaking of Roswell.
>>HARRIS: Well,
logically, if we look
at this whole entire
situation, the turning
point-- I talked about
Travis Walton case, one
of the most important cases
of my-- now in my career,
because there are
points in my career
where I have lived
this situation.
And with colonel
Corso, it was a 1997.
By accident, I the
room next to Corso.
And I was sent from
Italy to cover story.
I didn't even know
what he looked like.
I was sent by my
boss, [INAUDIBLE],
to cover the 50th
anniversary historical event.
And I ended up, coincidentally,
in the room next to him
at the Sally Port Inn,
which was all booked.
And Coros talked to me
about his involvement
in back engineering
the Roswell technology.
Now, the people get
it all mixed up,
because he's never at Roswell.
He got the artifacts
in 1960 when
he was working in the Pentagon
in research and development.
He got them from General Trudot.
The deal was made
that the last one
living would tell the truth.
And the last living was Colonel
Philip Corso at 82 years ago.
And I asked him,
why did you do this?
Why did you come forth?
And he said, because young
people can handle it.
I did it for my three grandsons.
So the day after
Roswell that everybody
complains about
being, inaccurate
it was written by Bill Burns.
On the manuscript that
we got in Italy called
"The Dawning of a New
Age," when I met him,
we brought him to Italy.
We brought him on two
separate occasions
to speak, once at Piscotta,
one in the independent republic
of San Marino, where
he signed a paper
with a lot of other people
to go to the United Nations
to open up this case.
So Marino's independent
republic, like Grenada,
they can do it, because
they've got nothing to lose.
And right after that, he died.
And in his role was that
he came forth to say that--
and this is why I understood
that the secret was secret.
That he was given several
artifacts for the Army.
>>REGINA: Yes, because each
of the branches of military
had been there, and had scooped
up their bits of debris.
>>HARRIS: Exactly, so
if it happened in '47.
the Air Force had sad
stuff way before 1960
that was leaked into
the general public.
But Corso talked about the
high tenacity fibers, the fiber
optics, the transistor,
the laser, and so forth,
that he was given.
And he said there
was no paper trail,
because he used to
go with envelopes
full of money to these--
>>REGINA: These are big
military contractors
that they were
parting this out to,
who would come out with a
patent or something later.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, but
it was like Monsanto.
The people with-- whatever,
he said the American computer
company.
He talked about these--
>>REGINA: Wasn't the labs
involved in the development
of the transistor?
>>HARRIS: He said, but they knew
they were army contracts, it
because they were told the copy
it, and give it, number one,
to the army, not to
any other branch,
and then the, number two, to put
it out into the general public.
And when you think of that,
there's money involved here.
So if we have a buy-in
of huge corporations,
nobody's going to
talk about this.
Nobody's going to admit it.
And the money and
the, technology,
which is the secret to
all of us not, the beings,
is what's keeping
this under wraps.
And not so much something like
high tenacity fibers, or even
fiber optics, what's
keeping it under wraps
is the free energy
situation, the idea
that these things don't use
gas and oil to fly around.
So until whoever
decides to release that
into the general
public, this UFO study
will be considered fringe.
It'll be considered not viable.
People and will it.
And they'll keep it in
the box of craziness,
because if the
general public really
understands about the
recoveries, and the crashes.
Roswell, as you know,
was not the only one.
We've had crashes
in other countries,
like Brazil, even in Italy.
We can't talk about
it in a serious vane.
>>REGINA: Right, the thing
is-- I really don't understand.
And I know this was
a big part of what
Stephen Greer was trying to do.
He was trying to really
get the free energy
technology protected, and
forwarded, and so forth.
And along with a
lot of other, people
many people have been on this.
We know that a lot of these
back-engineered technologies,
such as that kind of
flight that doesn't require
any kind of fuels,
that's been worked
on at Los Alamos for years,
plasma technology, all of that.
And even Mark McCandlish
of his drawings
of the back-engineered
craft that
were sitting in a
hangar near Area 51 too.
>>HARRIS: And Bob
Lazar, same thing.
They say these
things decades ago,
we had already back
engineered spacecraft.
What's the problem?
>>HARRIS: Well, what
happened in 2009,
which is really interesting
because I'm a journalist,
was that in Riad there was
an economic conference.
And they invited Stanton
Friedman, Michio Kaku,
Nick Pope, and
Jacque Valey to and
economic-- the Arabs
invited them in Riyadh
to an economic conference.
And God bless them, Stanton
Friedman stood up and said,
UFOs are real.
What are those guys
doing in Saudi Arabia,
talking about what?
With these people that
are working with oil.
>>REGINA: They must have
access to this technology.
>>HARRIS: Yes, because
they were special guests.
Why would you oil people?
>>REGINA: And they have a
lot of money to develop with.
>>HARRIS: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So what's
going on over there?
>>HARRIS: So what's
And this is 2009.
I'm thinking, what are
they doing inviting
a ufologist to their economic.
Situation.
So maybe-- [INAUDIBLE]
told me this
because he's a geophysicist.
He said, Paulo until
every drop of oil is--
>>REGINA: They're going to
exploit it to the last drop.
And then they have
to come up a the plan
to make you pay for free energy.
>>REGINA: I'm sure that's
all there is to it,
is until you can harness it.
>>HARRIS: Gonna be free.
>>REGINA: This part is just
so dastardly, it's depressing,
because these energy problems
would have been solved decades
ago if anybody had allowed it.
So here we are, still
trying to hide it.
>>REGINA: I hope in our lifetime
we'll see this transition.
It's not only an
economic transition.
It's a transition in every which
way, because it would mean we
could travel among the stars.
And that would be great.
And meanwhile, the people of the
stars are traveling among us.
Let's talk about
some other phenomena
that I know you've reported
on, and so has Jaime Maussan.
And that is, they're
showing up that air bases,
and well at airports,
around the world, UFOs.
There have been some series
of airport shut downs
as a result of it.
One was-- I think you're the
one that told me, New Delhi.
>>HARRIS: Yeah,
November 4, the airport
is shut down because of UFOs.
It's in all the newspapers.
And we even got it here.
I mean don't people, pay
attention to things like that?
So and why are they
over in New, Delhi
and then in Beijing, China.
>>REGINA: There
are a rash of them.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, nine
times this year.
Italy, when I lived
there, [INAUDIBLE]
we had a blue-green orb that
was close to the tarmac.
And they shut down there.
And the one in Bremen,
Germany in 2012 not
only shut down the
airport in Bremen,
but it went over
a soccer stadium.
So the game had to stop.
And how did I find
out about that?
In a soccer magazine,
because it didn't
appear in the United States.
So the soccer magazine said that
it interrupted a soccer game.
>>REGINA: Wow, well at
least it made the news.
And then the recent thing
over LA, everybody's saying,
is it a missile?
Is it a UFO?
>>HARRIS: Oh, that is
the weirdest thing.
>>REGINA: That was interesting,
because apparently LAX
was informed.
And there was some disturbance
there to air traffic
beforehand, which
was interesting,
because that has-- I mean,
as everybody in that field
understands, you don't just
shoot wild missiles like that
over populated areas across
the Western United States.
You don't do that.
>>HARRIS: We saw it in Arizona
when I was at the Travis
Walton--
>>REGINA: I was having
a party that night.
And three of the people on
the way to the party, saw It.
And then Scott, my ex, was
on the beach at Stinson Beach
Northern California.
He saw it for several minutes.
Several minutes--
you know, missiles
travel at 15,000 miles
an hour, 13 to 15.
It was really quite interesting.
Again, this whole notion of
missiles and weather balloons
really hasn't gone away yet.
>>HARRIS: No, what about O'Hare?
>>REGINA: And the one in
O'Hare a few years ago.
>>HARRIS: Over the United
Airline Terminal, C17.
I've been there.
I went right there to see
that, because the pilots
took pictures of That
as they're coming down.
So I'm wondering, people
say, why don't they
land on the white house lawn.
Well, they're
landing at airports.
>>REGINA: OK, now I want
to go to South America.
A lot going on there, some
really beautiful people,
much more open minded.
The governments themselves
are more open minded.
Mexico, Jaime Maussan, they
have national television shows
featuring UFOs and
other phenomena,
unlike the United
States that still
likes to use the claim of
things like weather balloons
and missiles for our
own paranoid reasons.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, now I
got to Latin America
was that I realized,
first of all,
I started researching
human type aliens.
And human means people
that look like us.
And we had a series with Howard
Menger, George Van Tassel
and Adamski in 1950 an 60.
I mean, this was a Cold War.
And we had Orthon
coming to Adamski.
We have his footprints.
So George Hunt Williamson
actually took his shoe print.
And we have all these
people warning us
about the nuclear situation.
And then it stops.
Then we get into the
abduction scenario.
And we haven't gotten out of it.
And I thought, well,
whoa, this is being
micromanaged this information.
So I began looking
at Six Topaz Wells
at all of the around Peru.
Peru is the place that
I started to question.
And I began to interview Sixto
Paz, Ricardo Gonzales, Lewis
Fernando Mustacio from Bolivia.
And then contact these
in South America.
And, basically, they're
meeting with human type
beings who are coming right off
the ship and talking to them.
I mean, something
very normal, because I
think that you can't
really have a connection
with an extraterrestrial
on a mental level
because they're quite evolved.
But you can on a heart
level, I call it corazon.
And the biggest hearts, I
think, are in Latin America.
People will connect to you
if you're an extraterrestrial
on the heart level.
And so I began to
interview them.
Enrique Villanova is one
of my last interviews.
He lives in San Fernando Valley.
And it was amazing how he
said his contact began.
And I'm glad you're
having him on,
because not only did Sixto
Paz and Ricardo Gonzales,
but Enrique told me, it
begins with meditation.
It begins with
liberating the mind
so that you can
leave space in there
for the extraterrestrial
to speak to you.
And he said it began
with him, asking
is there anybody out there?
I could use a friend.
And then the phone rings.
And I said, physically
the phone rang?
And he said, yes.
He said, if you are
in that space where
you ask with a pure heart
without ulterior motives,
and you want to
know they are there,
and they will give
you the answer.
And so in Enquires
case, he had contact.
And he belonged to the
group of Sixto Paz Wells.
They used to go out
into the desert.
And, of course,
people can't do this.
But they'd fast for seven days.
They'd sleep in tents,
and prepare themselves
on an esoteric level,
on a vibrational level,
to have that kind of contact.
I mean, you're not
gong to have contact
when you're going to work,
and you're having a coffee,
and you're worried about
your bills, and everything.
That's not a
conduit for contact.
You're going to have it
when you prepare for it,
and the being knows.
I mean, even when I used to do
the CE5s with Dr. Steven Grier,
he used to do the Puja ceremony
in Sanskrit before we even
began.
And we were out there six days
until 2:00 in the morning.
And we didn't ask them to
play tricks and appear over
our heads.
What we wanted was, and what
everybody wants, is contact.
>>REGINA: So this
brings us to-- we
won't go too much into
Enrique because he'll
tell his own story,
just to set up
that we will be talking to him.
But let's go into Ricardo
Gonzalez and his work.
>>HARRIS: Well,
Ricardo Gonzales was
one of the many-- actually
seven-- of the interviews
I did.
And this wasn't easy, because
I don't speak Spanish.
And they all speak Spanish.
And so I had to get
Georgia [INAUDIBLE]
to be the interpreter.
And we do half screen Skype,
the interpreter and the person.
And Ricardo told me that
when he was very young, when
he was 20 years old, he was
pharmaceutical representative.
But he would
practice meditation,
and once he got a message, come
to the balcony of your home,
because we're flying over.
And he said he went,
and his family went.
And How the contact began.
He said it he began with
a being called Anterel.
And he said, Paola, if you study
the history of Peru, people
from Apu, in the constellation
of Alpha Centauri
have been visiting
Peru for a long time.
And they look like us.
And they've given us advice,
especially during construction
on earthquakes, on different
things that have happened.
And he said, Anterel
says that he is from Apu.
He says he is here
to contact people.
And in Ricardo's life--
he's in his '40s now--
he's seen Anterel eight
times, only eight times.
And the physical being,
it's always a preparation.
He's always nervous,
because it's not normal.
I mean, it's really hard,
because as beautiful as Anterel
is, he's 10 foot tall.
And he's got blond hair.
And Ricardo said he has
honey-colored eyes, which
means brown.
Eyes so he's not a Pleidian.
We've got to get off of
the stereotypical thing.
>>REGINA: No blue eyes.
>>HARRIS: No blue eyes.
And he's a man.
And he said, he looks like
he came out of the gym.
And he is very any as
real very real message.
And the message is
that the human species
needs to unite in order
to have real contact.
And that needs to ask for
help, because we are coming
on some very tense times.
And I don't even want
to talk about what's
happening in Paris.
And that's why I'm wearing this
shirt, and everywhere else.
So we have some
serious decisions
to make in the name
of humanity, and not
in the name of
individual countries,
because it's borders
that are separating us.
So that is contact.
>>REGINA: And,
Anterel, he has is only
seen him physically eight times.
But hasn't he communicated
with him a lot outside?
>>HARRIS: Yes, I saw
how that happened,
because there is
a video of Ricardo
that I left with
you at [INAUDIBLE].
And how that happens is there's
a preparation with mantra
for at least an hour.
I mean, it takes a long time.
And then Ricardo start
automatic writing.
He gets the message
from Anterel after gets
to that vibrational point.
And you have the video
[INAUDIBLE] at the [INAUDIBLE].
And as he's writing,
he goes, look up.
And there he was.
There was the ship.
It was stopped.
It was over the stoop.
It was flashing.
So he had a lazy flashback.
So what is it they want?
I always ask, what
is that they want?
And Ricardo his whole life
is world peace situation.
He's got-- his symbol is the
flag, the Royce Nicholas Royce
flag, which was given to
the League of Nations.
Nicholas Royece was a
mistake from Russia,
who lived Lasa and
India, and could
see in the world as
a potential place.
What I learned from
Ricardo was that we
could be an example in the
universe of coming together.
I thought we was the
worse of the worst.
But he says, no,
we have a potential
of the habit making it.
>>REGINA: So there are worst
behaved being out there.
>>HARRIS: Oh God,
on the planets,
they're worse behaved planets.
But we have a potential
that we can make it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: But he
said, a lot of people
have to activate to do that.
And it's really.
Interesting
>>REGINA: Well, and also,
one of the word you said
a moment ago really strikes.
At that is this notion of
the directive we must ask.
It's not up to
another civilization
to impose themselves upon us.
If we do not ask, and we
do not perform our thoughts
in alignment with what
they have to offer,
it's not going to happen.
>>HARRIS: Well, I know
where you're going,
you're going to go to
the invitation I got.
The imitation-- and
it's hard for me
speak about it, because I'm
a nuts and bolts journalist.
And this turned my
world upside down.
But, remember, I did
see close encounters.
Remember, they were invited.
They were invited.
So you were there.
You were open.
And you have been invited to
go to these large gatherings
of [INTERPOSING VOICES]
Shasta, and also you
went to South America?
>>HARRIS: I went to
Cordoba, Argentina, but--
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about what
happened in Shasta,
because this really
was-- it was no longer
theoretical for you.
And there were witnesses.
So let's talk about
what happened.
>>HARRIS: Well, OK, I was
doing all these stories
on these Latin Americans
and [INAUDIBLE] in Russia,
researching the [INAUDIBLE].
And he sends me a
message, Anterel
wants you to come to Shasta.
And I thought, he just wants
me to come to Shasta, Ricardo,
so he's making this up.
You know, this is crazy.
And then I said,
no, I can't come.
I have a conference I'm
working on, and so forth.
Then he comes from Madrid,
and Ricardo calls me.
And he says.
I'm telling you again.
You have to be in Shasta.
So I agreed.
I slept in a one-man tent.
I didn't eat for three days.
It was freezing.
We all had to use porta potties.
>>REGINA: You're not a camper.
>>HARRIS: Not at all.
And the other thing that
people don't understand
is it was all in Spanish.
So I'm not understanding
a lot of what's happening.
I had an Italian
interpreter next to me
who had to translate every
word Ricardo was saying.
And it was a
spiritual preparation.
There was a lot of mantras, and
a lot of praying, and so forth,
for peace.
>>REGINA: Now, did you actually
think there was a point to it
with you, that you
were going to have
an experience at this point?
>>HARRIS: No, no, oh no.
No, I couldn't wait to eat.
>>REGINA: You're
hungry and cold.
>>HARRIS: And they go,
they're making a soup.
You can have it at the last day.
And I was going, but this
is, like, so uncomfortable.
And so as we're doing
the final ceremony
it's going to
close Sunday night,
Ricardo walks up to me, be
kneels down in front of me.
And he said, Anterel is here.
Can you handle it?
That's where I wrote, you
say yes to everything.
I was terrorized.
I said, yes.
And he said, well,
I can't go, he said.
But he's chosen two other women.
And he's standing in the forest.
And you hold their hands.
And he says, you wait until--
and if you study my interviews,
and I hope people go
on my website-- what
happens with these encounters is
a mist comes out of the ground,
like a portal, a white
minister called a zendra.
And so Ricardo said, wait
until the zendra comes up
out of the ground so
you're in this atmosphere,
because it's common atmosphere
between you and the being.
And then when that happens,
you go and stand in these,
let go of the hands of
the other two women.
The most terrifying moment was
to let go of anybody's hand.
As long as I was grabbing
their hands, there was no moon.
There was no light we could use.
I was tripping all
over the place.
I knew was going into a forest.
This is in Shasta
near the sand flats.
And it was terror.
My heart was coming
out of my body.
I mean, it was like
I was thinking,
what's going to happen?
And Ricardo wasn't with us.
So I could hear
him saying mantras
in the back with everybody else.
And they were doing
the [INAUDIBLE] mantra.
They were doing the
cultural preparations.
And I saw that mist.
I walked with the
other two women.
I let go of the hand.
And in front of me is
standing a 10 foot tall guy
with a hoodie an.
He had a hoodie on.
And he had, like,
a gym outfit on.
And he was standing very
still against a tree.
And I heard him speak constantly
in a language I could not
understand.
And it sounded like it
was a bull horn, a radio
transmission.
>>REGINA: Could
you see his face?
>>HARRIS: I didn't see his face.
I saw his entire form,
his entire shadow.
And I knew his arms were
out. he had his arms out.
>>REGINA: So you hear this
voice that seems to be coming
at you--
>>HARRIS: Constantly.
And I'm going,
that's not Spanish.
What in the World is that?
And at the very end of about
six minutes of constant talking
in a language that I found out
was [INAUDIBLE], which Ricardo
explained to me is a language
that the [INAUDIBLE] speak,
and also very well
known in South America,
at the very end in English,
he said, thank you.
And I said, did
I hear thank you?
No, no, I'm crazy.
That can't be.
That can't be thank you.
But then I couldn't make it up.
So I thought, you
didn't make that up.
So you heard it.
And when he turned around,
almost like a robot,
he turned himself
around and started
walking back into the
forest, I just stood there.
By the way, what was I thinking?
I didn't know what to say.
So, mentally, I was going,
I respect you, [INAUDIBLE].
I respect you.
It was mentally.
I couldn't say, I
love you, because he
looked like nothing I ever saw.
And I didn't-- it was so
foreign to my-- so I just said,
I respect you.
I realized when I was doing
that, it was protocols.
It was everything I wanted
to know about exopolitics.
What is the protocol?
Just like [INAUDIBLE] when
you meet these people.
What are you supposed to do?
I certainly wasn't going to
run up to him and shake hands.
He's too tall.
But also, I didn't
know if you could
do any of that-- I didn't know
what you're supposed to do.
I didn't know.
And then when I go
to Ricardo, I said,
what was I supposed to do?
I don't know what
I'm supposed to do.
And he said, what happened?
I said, I think he
said, thank you.
And he said, well, you're
going to have to write about.
And I said, is that
why he chose me,
because I write in four
different languages,
and he invited me here so
that I would tell the world?
>>REGINA: And because you're
serious about what you do.
You do it authentically,
and from the heart.
>>HARRIS: Well, it
really happened.
I don't know what
to tell people.
It really happened.
>>REGINA: So did
you feel that he
was thanking you for,
basically, a lifetime of pouring
your heart into this, and
making these things known?
>>HARRIS: Yeah,
it could be that.
And it could be a resolution
of close encounters.
See, that's what woke me
up, because I was a teacher.
I wasn't into UFOs .
So it can full circle.
I was invited to do this
because I want the world to know
that they are people.
They are not little
creatures running around.
And they are trying
to help us grow up,
the consciousness aspect.
And you and I have talked
about consciousness.
Unless a human
grows in evolution
of human consciousness,
you can't have
a dialogue with these people.
What are you going
to say to them?
And by the way, just
recently I got the message,
if you will lead, we will
maximize your efforts.
We will match your efforts.
In other word,s you
got to go ahead and--
>>REGINA: You've got to do
the boots on the ground stuff.
And I'll give you a boost.
>>HARRIS: But they'll
give the world a boost.
I think that is
the universal you.
It isn't Paola you.
It's if you people,
you humanity will lead,
we will give you a hand.
>>REGINA: I think there's
so much help that's
standing by waiting for us,
to recognize that it's there,
and to ask for it
in the right way.
>>HARRIS: I believe that.
And I think thank you
for addressing this,
because it's darn
serious right now
on this planet with the
choices we have to make.
And we do have friends
in high places.
>>REGINA: Just as-- and I think
it's only fair and balanced
reporting to mention
that we also have friends
in kind of scary places.
There are beings and
others who interfere,
and who work and collaborate
at levels that we probably
would prefer not
to even know about,
that create chaos, and
create the situation we have.
It's just maybe working
with our own innate
dispositions, and vulnerability,
gullibility, and all that.
But we've been lead down
some pretty dark paths
as a civilization.
And as more and
more people begin
waking up-- not
necessarily having
these extraordinary
experiences even,
but just waking up
and knowing there's
so much more to the human
story and potential--
it's really beautiful
to know that we
have help in all directions.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, and I
think the law of attraction
I know you believe in.
And let's attract
the good stuff.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>HARRIS: And I think the
bad stuff comes from fear.
And I gotta honestly tell
you, I was terrorized.
So it's, like, I know
what fear is like.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>REGINA: You hadn't
experienced anything like that.
>>HARRIS: And it's scary.
And everything is scary.
But, you know, I think fear
is not a vibration which
attracts the other side.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HARRIS: So in the end,
they all said, Paola,
you got to start meditating.
And I said, when do I have time?
In between what do
I start meditating?
I don't have any time.
>>REGINA: No excuses,
even if it's five minutes.
I have just one more
quick question to ask you.
The thing is, this field, I've
been following it probably
since the late '90s now, I
suppose, interested in it,
before following it for
the last 17, 18 years.
And you've been in it
for 35 years, twice that.
And I see that it's a really
kind of fractured community.
You have people who don't
want the story to change.
They don't want it
to progress, who
really want to stick with just
certain artifacts and stories,
and that's it.
And that's the bulk
of the conferences.
And then you have
other people who
are beginning to
say, no, we need
to look at this on a
level of consciousness,
not just material evidence.
And you're bridging both
those worlds right now,
from what I can see.
You just had a conference,
a Star Works conference.
It was the second one or third?
>>HARRIS: It's the second one.
It was in Nevada in November
13, 14, and 15, yes.
>>REGINA: 2015.
So now, from what you're
seeing having such a history
with all of this, where does
the shift need to happen?
What is stuck?
And what is helpful?
>>HARRIS: Let's go
back to John Mac.
>>REGINA: We love John Mac.
>>HARRIS: I love John.
God bless him, I love him.
He said, unless we change our
worldview to accommodate this,
that we will be stuck in
the same old rut doing
the same old things.
And the inspiration I
had for this conference
was a young man called
[INAUDIBLE] Martinez,
who is a Native American who
is fighting for climate change.
He just basically spoke
to the United Nations
on climate change
with Robert Redford.
And what he said
was very profound.
He said, the greatest
challenge for humanity
is the evolution of
human consciousness.
The planet doesn't need saving.
We do.
This is a 15-year-old kid.
>>REGINA: Yes, we
need to evolve,
just wake up to what we
actually are, absolutely.
Yeah, that's beautiful.
He's a beautiful young man.
>>HARRIS: He's a beautiful-- and
he actually welcomed everybody.
And he is the example
of the future.
And I want support him 100%.
>>REGINA: There you go.
So it's for the next
generations of us.
Paola, thank you so much.
It's a couple hours
that just zipped by.
And I so respect your
diligence over the years
and what you've done.
Hats off to you.
>>HARRIS: Thank you.
>>REGINA: To learn more about
Paola's work, or videos,
books, et cetera, you can
go to paolaharris.com.
You might also want to
think of a trip to Laughlin
next year on your schedule.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]